= Global Flags =

== Introduction ==
indexterm:[Global Flags]

Evergreen uses Global Flags to set certain elements that are global across an Evergreen instance. Unlike Library Settings, Global Flags cannot hold different values for different libraries.

The Global Flags interface is found under *Administration -> Server Administration -> Global Flags*.

The table below is sorted in alphabetical order according to the _Name_ column. The _Other Information_ column contains links to a bug, release notes, commit message, or documentation, as applicable for that particular global flag.

== Global Flags Details == 

[cols=",,,,,",options="header",]
|===
|*Name* |*Label* |*Enabled (Default)* |*Value (Default)* |*Notes*
|*Other Information*
|auth.block_expired_staff_login |Block the ability of expired user with
the STAFF_LOGIN permission to log into Evergreen. |No | |If this flag is
enabled, accounts that have the STAFF_LOGIN permission and whose
expiration date is in the past are prevented from logging into any
Evergreen interface, including the staff client, the public catalog, and
SIP2. Regular non-staff patrons are allowed to log into the public
catalog with expired accounts.
|https://bugs.launchpad.net/evergreen/+bug/1474029[bug 1474029]

|cat.bib.use_id_for_tcn |Cat: Use Internal ID for TCN Value |Yes |
|Matches the bibliographic record's TCN to its Evergreen database ID |

|cat.maintain_control_numbers |Cat: Maintain 001/003/035 according to
the MARC21 specification |Yes | |
|https://git.evergreen-ils.org/?p=Evergreen.git;a=commit;h=cf3c03004915f7ab8c73c3dff90c8ddc7375186d[Commit message]

|circ.desk_renewal.use_original_circ_lib |Circ: Use original circulation
library on desk renewal instead of the workstation library |No | |Left
disabled, the workstation library's circulation/renewal policy will be
used, rather than the user's home/original library circulation/renewal
policy during a staff client (desk) renewal. By default, a desk renewal
looks at the policies of the workstation library performing the renewal.
|

|circ.holds.empty_issuance_ok |Holds: Allow holds on empty issuances
|Yes | |holds on predicted but not-yet received items |

|circ.holds.retarget_interval |Holds Retarget Interval |Yes |24h |
|https://bugs.launchpad.net/evergreen/+bug/1596595[bug 1596595]

|circ.holds.usr_not_requestor |Holds: When testing hold matrix
matchpoints, use the profile group of the receiving user instead of that
of the requestor (affects staff-placed holds) |Yes | |
|https://bugs.launchpad.net/evergreen/+bug/1473576[bug 1473576]

|circ.opac_renewal.use_original_circ_lib |Circ: Use original circulation
library on opac renewal instead of user home library |No | |Left
disabled, the user's home library circulation/renewal policy will be
used, rather than the original circulation library's circulation/renewal
policy during an OPAC renewal. By default, an OPAC renewal looks at the
policies of the user's home library. |

|history.circ.retention_age |Historical Circulation Retention Age |Yes |
|Determines the timeframe for aging circulations based on transaction
age. If you want your users to be able to retain their circulation
history and view it in the OPAC, then click True, and set a global
maximum. The maximum is a length of time entered in double quotes, such
as "1 year". Beginning the day that you set it and each day for a year
forward in time, the circs will be saved. This setting is the default
for your entire network. If you don’t want patrons to be able to retain
their circulation history, then set this to false. If value is not set,
it will default to forever - Note: if you scope in the value of aged
circulations they still exist just anonymized. There isn't a feature to
delete circs at any point, you'd have to go in and do it with a custom
script. |xref:admin:aged_circs.adoc#_global_flags[Aging Circulations]

|history.circ.retention_age_is_min |Historical Circulations are kept for
global retention age at a minimum, regardless of user preferences. |No |
|This flag is no longer useful, since user circ history no longer needs
to prevent circs from being aged to be complete. |xref:admin:aged_circs.adoc#_global_flags[Aging Circulations]

|history.circ.retention_count |Historical Circulations per Copy |Yes |
|This flag is about aging circs to anonymize them. |xref:admin:aged_circs.adoc#_global_flags[Aging Circulations]

|history.circ.retention_uses_last_finished |Historical Circulations use
most recent xact_finish date instead of last circ's. |No | |This flag is
about aging circs to anonymize them. |xref:admin:aged_circs.adoc#_global_flags[Aging Circulations]

|history.hold.retention_age |Historical Hold Retention Age |Yes |
|Determines the timeframe to retain holds information. Purged holds are
moved to the action.aged_hold_request table with patron identifying
information scrubbed, much like circulations are moved to
action.aged_circulation. The settings allow for a default retention age
as well as distinct retention ages for holds filled, holds canceled, and
holds canceled by specific cancel causes. The most specific one wins
unless a patron is retaining their hold history. In the latter case the
patron’s holds are retained either way. Note that the function still
needs to be called, which could be set up as a cron job or done more
manually, say after statistics collection. Script, purge_holds.srfsh,
can be used to purge holds from cron. |https://docs.evergreen-ils.org/2.5/_administration.html[Release Notes] - located under "Purge Holds"

|history.hold.retention_age_canceled |Historical Hold Retention Age -
Canceled (Default) |No | | |

|history.hold.retention_age_canceled_1 |Historical Hold Retention Age -
Canceled (Untarged expiration) |No | | |

|history.hold.retention_age_canceled_2 |Historical Hold Retention Age -
Canceled (Hold Shelf expiration) |No | | |

|history.hold.retention_age_canceled_3 |Historical Hold Retention Age -
Canceled (Patron via phone) |Yes | | |

|history.hold.retention_age_canceled_4 |Historical Hold Retention Age -
Canceled (Patron in person) |Yes | | |

|history.hold.retention_age_canceled_5 |Historical Hold Retention Age -
Canceled (Staff forced) |Yes | | |

|history.hold.retention_age_canceled_6 |Historical Hold Retention Age -
Canceled (Patron via OPAC) |No | | |

|history.hold.retention_age_fulfilled |Historical Hold Retention Age -
Fulfilled |No | | |

|history.money.age_with_circs |Age billings and payments when
circulations are aged. |No | | |

|history.money.retention_age |Age billings and payments whose
transactions were completed this long ago. For circulation transactions,
this setting is superseded by the "history.money.age_with_circs" setting
|No | | |

|ingest.disable_authority_auto_update |Authority Automation: Disable
automatic authority updating (requires link tracking) |No | |If enabled,
Evergreen will link authorities, but will not automatically propagate
changes |

|ingest.disable_authority_auto_update_bib_meta |Authority Automation:
Disable automatic authority updates from modifying bib record editor and
edit_date |No | | |

|ingest.disable_authority_linking |Authority Automation: Disable
bib-authority link tracking |No | |If enabled, Evergreen won't link
authorities and won't propagate changes |

|opac.browse.holdings_visibility_test_limit |Don't look for more than
this number of records with holdings when displaying browse headings
with visible record counts. |Yes |100 | |

|opac.browse.warnable_regexp_per_class |Map of search classes to regular
expressions to warn user about leading articles. |No | {"title":
"^(a\|the\|an)\\s"} |Warns users when they are entering a browse term that
begins with an article |xref:opac:catalog_browse.adoc[Catalog Browse]

|opac.cover_upload_compression |Cover image uploads are converted to PNG
files with this compression, on a scale of 0 (no compression) to 9
(maximum compression), or -1 for the zlib default. |Yes |0 |Accepts a
numeric value from 0 (no compression) to 9 (most compression). The
default is 0. All uploaded files are converted to png and use this flag.
|xref:cataloging:cover_image_upload.adoc[Cover Image Uploader]

|opac.default_sort |OPAC Default Sort (titlesort, authorsort, pubdate,
popularity, poprel, or empty) |Yes | |This flag tells Evergreen how to
sort the results of an OPAC search. You can enter one of the sort
options that you see listed here, or you can leave the field empty, and
Evergreen will sort on relevance. |xref:admin:popularity_badges_web_client.adoc#_new_global_flags[Statistical Popularity Badges]

|opac.format_selector.attr |OPAC Format Selector Attribute |Yes
|search_format |Defines which record attribute definition will be used
to populate the OPAC Format dropdown filter located in both the Basic
Search and Search Results pages. |

|opac.icon_attr |OPAC Format Icons Attribute |Yes |icon_format |Allows
administrators to set which record attribute definition will be used as
the icon format configuration. (Associated with the Record Attribute
Definition and meta record development) |

|opac.located_uri.act_as_copy |When enabled, Located URIs will provide
visibility behavior identical to copies. |No | | |xref:cataloging:cataloging_electronic_resources.adoc[Cataloging Electronic Resources]

|opac.metarecord.holds.format_attr |OPAC Metarecord Hold Formats
Attribute |Yes |mr_hold_format |Allows user to utilize the metarecord
level hold feature. |xref:opac:tpac_meta_record_holds.adoc[TPAC Metarecord Search and Metarecord Level Holds]

|opac.org_unit.non_inherited_visibility |Org Units Do Not Inherit
Visibility |No | |
|https://bugs.launchpad.net/evergreen/+bug/954310[bug 954310]

|opac.show_related_headings_in_browse |Display related headings
(see-also) in browse |Yes | | |

|opac.use_autosuggest |OPAC: Show auto-completing suggestions dialog
under basic search box (put 'opac_visible' into the value field to limit
suggestions to OPAC-visible items, or blank the field for a possible
performance improvement) |No |opac_visible |If enabled, ten suggestions
are the default (number of suggestions is configurable at the database
level) |xref:admin:auto_suggest_search.adoc[Auto Suggest in Catalog Search]

|opac.use_geolocation |Offer use of geographic location services in the
public catalog |No | |The sort by geographic proximity feature allows
library patrons to sort holdings within a bibliographic record by
geographic distance. This feature requires a 3rd party geographic
location service in order to function. If you are using your own
geographic location service, then this flag must be enabled in order for
proximity sort to work. The Value box does not need an entry and in fact
any entry in that box will be ignored. |xref:admin_initial_setup:geosort_admin.adoc#_global_flag[Sort by Geographic Proximity]

|search.max_facets_per_field |Search: maximum number of facet values to
retrieve for each facet field |Yes |1000 |
|https://bugs.launchpad.net/evergreen/+bug/1505286[bug 1505286]

|search.max_popularity_importance_multiplier |Maximum popularity
importance multiplier for popularity-adjusted relevance searches
(decimal value between 1.0 and 2.0) |Yes |1.1 | |xref:admin:popularity_badges_web_client.adoc#_new_global_flags[Statistical Popularity Badges]
|===
