= Permissions List =

_The following list includes permissions available in the Evergreen database as of 3.11._


*ABORT_REMOTE_TRANSIT.* Allows a user to cancel an item transit if the user is not at the transit destination or source

*ABORT_TRANSIT.* Allows a user to cancel an item transit if the user is
at the transit destination or source

*ABORT_TRANSIT_ON_LOST.* Allows a user to cancel a transit on an item
with status of Lost

*ABORT_TRANSIT_ON_MISSING.* Allows a user to cancel a transit on an item
with status of Missing

*ACCESS_ANGULAR_CIRC.* Allows a user to access the experimental Angular circulation interfaces

*ACQ_ADD_LINEITEM_IDENTIFIER.* Allows an acquisitions user to add new
lineitem identifiers to linked bib records when a linkage exists

*ACQ_INVOICE_REOPEN.* Allows an acquisitions user to reopen an invoice

*ACQ_SET_LINEITEM_IDENTIFIER.* Allows an acquisitions user to apply
order identifiers to lineitems

*ACQ_XFER_MANUAL_DFUND_AMOUNT.* Allows an acquisitions user to transfer
money out of one fund and into another

*ACTOR_USER_DELETE_OPEN_XACTS.override.* Allows a user to override the
user deletion alert when the account has open circulations and/or unpaid
bills

*ADJUST_BILLS.* Allows a user to adjust a bill to zero

*ADMIN_ACQ_CANCEL_CAUSE.* Allows an acquisitions user to
create/edit/delete cancel reasons

*ADMIN_ACQ_CLAIM.* Allows an acquisitions user to create/edit/delete
claims

*ADMIN_ACQ_CLAIM_EVENT_TYPE.* Allows an acquisitions user to
create/edit/delete claim event types

*ADMIN_ACQ_CLAIM_TYPE.* Allows an acquisitions user to
create/edit/delete claim types

*ADMIN_ACQ_DISTRIB_FORMULA.* Allows an acquisitions user to
create/edit/delete distribution formulas

*ADMIN_ACQ_FISCAL_YEAR.* Allows an acquisitions user to
create/edit/delete fiscal years

*ADMIN_ACQ_FUND.* Allows an acquisitions user to create/edit/delete
funds in fund administration

*ADMIN_ACQ_FUND_ALLOCATION_PERCENT.* Allows an acquisitions user to
create/edit/delete fund allocation percentages

*ADMIN_ACQ_FUND_TAG.* Allows an acquisitions user to create/edit/delete
fund tags

*ADMIN_ACQ_LINEITEM_ALERT_TEXT.* Allows an acquisitions user to
create/edit/delete lineitem alert text

*ADMIN_ADDRESS_ALERT.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete address
alerts

*ADMIN_AGE_PROTECT_RULE.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete age
protection rules

*ADMIN_ASSET_COPY_TEMPLATE.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete serial
item templates

*ADMIN_BOOKING_RESERVATION.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete booking
reservations

*ADMIN_BOOKING_RESERVATION_ATTR_MAP.* Allows a user to
create/edit/delete booking reservation attribute maps

*ADMIN_BOOKING_RESERVATION_ATTR_VALUE_MAP.* Allows a user to
create/edit/delete booking reservation attribute value maps

*ADMIN_BOOKING_RESOURCE.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete booking
resources

*ADMIN_BOOKING_RESOURCE_ATTR.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete
booking resource attributes

*ADMIN_BOOKING_RESOURCE_ATTR_MAP.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete
booking resource attribute maps

*ADMIN_BOOKING_RESOURCE_ATTR_VALUE.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete
booking resource attribute values

*ADMIN_BOOKING_RESOURCE_TYPE.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete
booking resource types

*ADMIN_CAROUSEL.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete carousels and
carousel library mappings

*ADMIN_CAROUSEL_TYPE.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete carousel
types

*ADMIN_CIRC_MATRIX_MATCHPOINT.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete
circulation limit sets, circulation matrix weights, and circulation
policies

*ADMIN_CIRC_MOD.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete circulation
modifiers

*ADMIN_CLAIM_POLICY.* Allows an acquisitions user to create/edit/delete
claim policies and claim policy actions

*ADMIN_CODED_VALUE.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete SVF record
attribute (MARC) coded value maps

*ADMIN_CONFIG_REMOTE_ACCOUNT.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete
remote (third-party) accounts

*ADMIN_COPY_ALERT.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete item alerts

*ADMIN_COPY_ALERT_SUPPRESS.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete item
alert suppressions

*ADMIN_COPY_ALERT_TYPE.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete item alert
types

*ADMIN_COPY_LOCATION_GROUP.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete
shelving location groups

*ADMIN_COPY_LOCATION_ORDER.* Allows a user to adjust the order of
shelving locations

*ADMIN_COPY_TAG.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete item tags

*ADMIN_COPY_TAG_TYPES.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete item tag
types

*ADMIN_CREDIT_CARD_PROCESSING.* Allows a user to edit Credit Card
Processing organizational unit settings

*ADMIN_CURRENCY_TYPE.* Allows an acquisitions user to create/edit/delete
currency types

*ADMIN_FIELD_DOC.* Allows a user to create/edit field documentation

*ADMIN_FLOAT_GROUPS.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete floating
groups

*ADMIN_FUND.* Allows an acquisitions user to assign funds to lineitems
on purchase orders

*ADMIN_FUND_ROLLOVER.* Allows an acquisitions user to complete year-end
rollovers on funds

*ADMIN_FUNDING_SOURCE.* Allows an acquisitions user to
create/edit/delete funding sources

*ADMIN_GEOLOCATION_SERVICES.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete
geographic location services

*ADMIN_GLOBAL_FLAG.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete global flags

*ADMIN_GROUP_PENALTY_THRESHOLD.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete
group penalty thresholds

*ADMIN_HOLD_CANCEL_CAUSE.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete cancel
reasons for holds

*ADMIN_HOLD_CAPTURE_SORT.* Allows a user to make changes to the
best-hold selection sort order

*ADMIN_HOLD_MATRIX_MATCHPOINT.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete hold
matrix matchpoints and hold policies

*ADMIN_IDENT_TYPE.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete identification
types

*ADMIN_IMPORT_ITEM_ATTR_DEF.* Allows an acquisitions user to edit import
item attribute definitions

*ADMIN_IMPORT_MATCH_SET.* Allows an acquisitions user to
create/edit/delete Vandelay match sets

*ADMIN_INDEX_NORMALIZER.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete metabib
class and field TS maps

*ADMIN_INVOICE.* Allows an acquisitions user to create/edit/delete
invoices

*ADMIN_INVOICE_METHOD.* Allows an acquisitions user to
create/edit/delete invoice methods

*ADMIN_INVOICE_PAYMENT_METHOD.* Allows an acquisitions user to
create/edit/delete invoice payment methods

*ADMIN_LIBRARY_GROUPS.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete library
groups

*ADMIN_LINEITEM_MARC_ATTR_DEF.* Allows an acquisitions user to
create/edit/delete lineitem MARC attribute definitions

*ADMIN_MARC_CODE.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete MARC code

*ADMIN_MAX_FINE_RULE.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete circulation
max fine rules

*ADMIN_MERGE_PROFILE.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete bib import
merge profiles

*ADMIN_OPENATHENS.* Allows a user to administer the OpenAthens
authentication service

*ADMIN_ORG_UNIT_CUSTOM_TREE.* Allows a user to edit custom
organizational unit trees

*ADMIN_ORG_UNIT_SETTING_TYPE.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete
organizational unit setting types

*ADMIN_ORG_UNIT_SETTING_TYPE_LOG.* Allows a user to modify the
organizational unit setting types log

*ADMIN_PRINT_TEMPLATE.* Allows a user to manage print template
administration

*ADMIN_PROVIDER.* Allows an acquisitions user to create/edit/delete
providers

*ADMIN_PROXIMITY_ADJUSTMENT.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete organizational unit
proximity adjustments

*ADMIN_RECURRING_FINE_RULE.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete
recurring fine rules

*ADMIN_REMOTEAUTH.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete remote
authentication profiles

*ADMIN_SEARCH_FILTER_GROUP.* Allows a user to manage search filter
groups and entries

*ADMIN_SERIAL_CAPTION_PATTERN.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete
serial caption and pattern objects

*ADMIN_SERIAL_DISTRIBUTION.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete serial
distribution objects

*ADMIN_SERIAL_ITEM.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete serial items

*ADMIN_SERIAL_PATTERN_TEMPLATE.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete
serial prediction pattern templates

*ADMIN_SERIAL_STREAM.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete serial stream
objects

*ADMIN_SERIAL_SUBSCRIPTION.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete serial
subscription objects

*ADMIN_SERVER_ADDON_FOR_WORKSTATION.* Allows a user to specify which
server add-ons get invoked at the current workstation

*ADMIN_SMS_CARRIER.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete SMS carrier
entries

*ADMIN_STAFF_PORTAL_PAGE.* Allows a user to customize the staff client
portal page

*ADMIN_STANDING_PENALTY.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete standing
penalties

*ADMIN_SURVEY.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete surveys

*ADMIN_SVF.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete SVF record attributes

*ADMIN_TAG_TABLE.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete MARC tag tables

*ADMIN_TOOLBAR.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete custom toolbars

*ADMIN_TOOLBAR_FOR_ORG.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete custom
toolbars for organizational units

*ADMIN_TOOLBAR_FOR_USER.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete custom
toolbars for users

*ADMIN_TOOLBAR_FOR_WORKSTATION.* Allows a user to to create/edit/delete
custom toolbars for workstations

*ADMIN_TRIGGER_CLEANUP.* Allows a user to to create/edit/delete trigger
cleanup entries

*ADMIN_TRIGGER_EVENT_DEF.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete trigger
event definitions

*ADMIN_TRIGGER_HOOK.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete trigger hooks

*ADMIN_TRIGGER_REACTOR.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete trigger
reactors

*ADMIN_TRIGGER_TEMPLATE_OUTPUT.* Allows a user to delete trigger
template outputs

*ADMIN_TRIGGER_VALIDATOR.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete
trigger validators

*ADMIN_USER_ACTIVITY_TYPE.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete user
activity types

*ADMIN_USER_REQUEST_TYPE.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete user
purchase request types

*ADMIN_USER_SETTING_GROUP.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete user
setting groups

*ADMIN_USER_SETTING_TYPE.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete user
setting types

*ADMIN_Z3950_SOURCE.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete z39.50 sources
and index field maps

*ALLOW_ALT_TCN.* Allows a user to import a record using an alternate TCN
to avoid conflicts

*APPLY_WORKSTATION_SETTING.* Allows a user to apply values to
workstation settings

*ASSIGN_GROUP_PERM.* Allows a user to add permissions to a permission
group

*ASSIGN_WORK_ORG_UNIT.* Allows a user to assign working locations to a
staff account

*AVAIL_HOLD_COPY_RATIO_EXCEEDED.override.* Allows a user to override the event when the number of holds to available copies ratio is exceeded

*BAR_PATRON.* Allows a user to bar a patron

*CANCEL_HOLDS.* Allows a user to cancel holds

*CAPTURE_RESERVATION.* Allows a user to capture booking reservations

*CHECKIN_BYPASS_HOLD_FULFILL.* _(no longer applicable)_

CIRC_CLAIMS_RETURNED.override.* Allows a user to check in/out an item
that is marked as claims returned

*CIRC_EXCEEDS_COPY_RANGE.override.* Allows a user to override
circulation item range failure

*CIRC_OVERRIDE_DUE_DATE.* Allows a user to edit the due date on an item

*CIRC_PERMIT_OVERRIDE.* Allows a user to bypass the circulation permit
call for checkout

*CLEAR_PURCHASE_REQUEST.* Allows a user to clear completed purchase
requests

*CONTAINER_BATCH_UPDATE.* Allows a user to batch edit user accounts in a
user bucket

*COPY_ALERT_MESSAGE.override.* Allows a user to check in/out an item
that has an alert message

*COPY_BAD_STATUS.override.* Allows a user to check out an item in a
non-circulatable status

*COPY_CHECKIN.* Allows a user to check in an item

*COPY_CHECKOUT.* Allows a user to check out an item

*COPY_CIRC_NOT_ALLOWED.override.* Allows a user to check out an item
that is marked as non-circulating

*COPY_DELETE_WARNING.override.* Allows a user to override warnings about
deleting copies in problematic situations

*COPY_HOLDS.* Allows a user to place a hold on a specific item

*COPY_HOLDS_FORCE.* Allows a user to place a force hold on a specific
item

*COPY_HOLDS_RECALL.* Allows a user to place a recall hold on a specific
item

*COPY_IS_REFERENCE.override.* Allows a user to override the
COPY_IS_REFERENCE event

*COPY_NEEDED_FOR_HOLD.override.* Allows a user to force the renewal of
an item that could fulfill a hold request

*COPY_NOT_AVAILABLE.override.* Allows a user to force the checkout of
an item not in an available status

*COPY_STATUS_LONG_OVERDUE.override.* Allows a user to check in
long-overdue items, thus removing the long-overdue status on the item

*COPY_STATUS_LOST.override.* Allows a user to remove the Lost status
from an item

*COPY_STATUS_LOST_AND_PAID.override.* Allows a user to override the
COPY_STATUS_LOST_AND_PAID event

*COPY_STATUS_MISSING.override.* Allows a user to remove the Missing
status on an item

*COPY_TRANSIT_RECEIVE.* Allows a user to close out a transit on an item

*CREATE_ACQ_FUNDING_SOURCE.* Allows an acquisitions user to create
funding sources

*CREATE_AUDIENCE.* Allows a user to create MARC audience codes

*CREATE_AUTHORITY_CONTROL_SET.* Allows a user to create authority
control sets and authority browse axes

*CREATE_AUTHORITY_IMPORT_IMPORT_FIELD_DEF.* Allows a user to create
queued authority record attribute definitions

*CREATE_AUTHORITY_IMPORT_QUEUE.* Allows a user to create a queue when
importing authority records

*CREATE_AUTHORITY_RECORD.* Allows a user to create authority records

*CREATE_AUTHORITY_RECORD_NOTE.* Allows a user to create notes on
authority records

*CREATE_BIB_BTYPE.* Allows a user to create bibliographic record bucket
types

*CREATE_BIB_IMPORT_FIELD_DEF.* Allows a user to create queued bib record
attribute definitions

*CREATE_BIB_IMPORT_QUEUE.* Allows an acquisitions user to choose or
create a queue when loading MARC order records

*CREATE_BIB_LEVEL.* CREATE_BIB_LEVEL

*CREATE_BIB_PTYPE.* Allows a user to create bibliographic record peer
types

*CREATE_BIB_SOURCE.* Allows a user to create bibliographic sources

*CREATE_BIBLIO_FINGERPRINT.* Allows a user to create bibliographic
fingerprint definitions

*CREATE_BILL.* Allows a user to create a bill on a transaction

*CREATE_BILLING_TYPE.* Allows a user to create billing types

*CREATE_CIRC_DURATION.* Allows a user to create circulation durations

*CREATE_CIRC_MOD.* Allows a user to create circulation modifiers

*CREATE_CN_BTYPE.* Allows a user to create call number bucket types

*CREATE_CONTAINER.* Allows a user to create buckets for another user

*CREATE_CONTAINER_ITEM.* Allows a user to add items to another user's
bucket

*CREATE_COPY.* Allows a user to create items

*CREATE_COPY_ALERT.* Allows a user to create item alerts

*CREATE_COPY_ALERT_SUPPRESS.* Allows a user to create item alert
suppressions

*CREATE_COPY_ALERT_TYPE.* Allows a user to create item alert types

*CREATE_COPY_BTYPE.* Allows a user to create item bucket types

*CREATE_COPY_LOCATION.* Allows a user to create shelving locations

*CREATE_COPY_NOTE.* Allows a user to create item notes

*CREATE_COPY_STAT_CAT.* Allows a user to create item statistical
categories

*CREATE_COPY_STAT_CAT_ENTRY.* Allows a user to create item statistical
category entries

*CREATE_COPY_STAT_CAT_ENTRY_MAP.* Allows a user to link items to an item
statistical category entry

*CREATE_COPY_STATUS.* Allows a user to create item statuses

*CREATE_COPY_TRANSIT.* Allows a user to create a transit_copy object for
transiting an item

*CREATE_DUPLICATE_HOLDS.* Allows a user to create multiple holds on the
same title

*CREATE_FUND.* Allows an acquisitions user to create funds

*CREATE_FUND_ALLOCATION.* Allows an acquisitions user to create fund
allocations

*CREATE_FUNDING_SOURCE.* Allows an acquisitions user to create funding sources

*CREATE_HOLD_NOTIFICATION.* Allows a user to create new hold
notifications

*CREATE_HOURS_OF_OPERATION.* Allows a user to add hours of operation for
an organizational unit

*CREATE_IMPORT_ITEM.* Allows an acquisitions user to create import items

*CREATE_IMPORT_ITEM_ATTR_DEF.* Allows an acquisitions user to create
import item attribute definitions

*CREATE_IMPORT_TRASH_FIELD.* Allows a user to create import/overlay
field groups

*CREATE_IN_HOUSE_USE.* Allows a user to record in-house use

*CREATE_INVOICE.* Allows an acquisitions user to create and edit
invoices

*CREATE_INVOICE_ITEM_TYPE.* Allows an acquisitions user to create
non-bibliographic invoice item types

*CREATE_INVOICE_METHOD.* Allows a user to create invoice methods

*CREATE_ITEM_FORM.* Allows a user to create item forms

*CREATE_ITEM_TYPE.* Allows a user to create item types

*CREATE_LANGUAGE.* CREATE_LANGUAGE

*CREATE_LASSO.* _(no longer applicable)_

*CREATE_LASSO_MAP.* _(no longer applicable)_

*CREATE_LIT_FORM.* CREATE_LIT_FORM

*CREATE_LOCALE.* Allows a user to create locales

*CREATE_MARC.* Allows a user to create MARC records

*CREATE_MARC_CODE.* Allows a user to create MARC code

*CREATE_MERGE_PROFILE.* Allows a user to create bib import merge
profiles

*CREATE_METABIB_CLASS.* Allows a user to create metabib classes

*CREATE_METABIB_FIELD.* Allows a user to create metabib fields

*CREATE_METABIB_SEARCH_ALIAS.* Allows a user to create metabib search
aliases

*CREATE_MFHD_RECORD.* Allows a user to create MFHD records

*CREATE_MONOGRAPH_PART.* Allows a user to create monograph part
definitions

*CREATE_MY_CONTAINER.* Allows a user to create a bucket for themselves

*CREATE_NET_ACCESS_LEVEL.* Allows a user to create net access levels

*CREATE_NON_CAT_TYPE.* Allows a user to create non-cataloged item types

*CREATE_ORG_ADDRESS.* Allows a user to add a new organizational unit
address

*CREATE_ORG_TYPE.* Allows a user to create organizational unit types

*CREATE_ORG_UNIT.* Allows a user to create organizational units

*CREATE_ORG_UNIT_CLOSING.* Allows a user to create closed date entries
for an organizational unit

*CREATE_PATRON_STAT_CAT.* Allows a user to create patron statistical
categories

*CREATE_PATRON_STAT_CAT_ENTRY.* Allows a user to create patron
statistical category entries

*CREATE_PATRON_STAT_CAT_ENTRY_DEFAULT.* Allows a user to set a default
entry for patron statistical categories

*CREATE_PATRON_STAT_CAT_ENTRY_MAP.* Allows a user to link another user
to a patron statistical category entry

*CREATE_PAYMENT.* Allows a user to record bill payments

*CREATE_PERM.* Allows a user to create permissions in the permissions
list

*CREATE_PICKLIST.* Allows an acquisitions user to create selection lists

*CREATE_POP_BADGE.* Allows a user to create statistical popularity
badges

*CREATE_POP_PARAMETER.* Allows a user to create popularity badge
parameters

*CREATE_PRECAT.* Allows a user to create pre-cataloged items

*CREATE_PROVIDER.* Allows an acquisitions user to create providers

*CREATE_PURCHASE_ORDER.* Allows an acquisitions user to create purchase
orders

*CREATE_PURCHASE_REQUEST.* Allows a user to create patron purchase
requests

*CREATE_RECORD_NOTE.* Allows a user to create record notes

*CREATE_RELEVANCE_ADJUSTMENT.* Allows a user to create relevance
adjustments

*CREATE_REPORT_TEMPLATE.* Allows a user to create report templates

*CREATE_SURVEY.* Allows a user to create surveys

*CREATE_TITLE_NOTE.* Allows a user to create title notes

*CREATE_TRANSACTION.* Allows a user to create new billable transactions

*CREATE_TRANSIT.* Allows a user to place an item in transit

*CREATE_TRANSLATION.* Allows a user to apply translations

*CREATE_TRIGGER_CLEANUP.* Allows a user to create trigger cleanup
entries

*CREATE_TRIGGER_EVENT_DEF.* Allows a user to create trigger event
definitions

*CREATE_TRIGGER_HOOK.* Allows a user to create trigger hooks

*CREATE_TRIGGER_REACTOR.* Allows a user to create trigger reactors

*CREATE_TRIGGER_VALIDATOR.* Allows a user to create trigger validators

*CREATE_USER.* Allows a user to create (register) user accounts

*CREATE_USER_BTYPE.* Allows a user to create user bucket types

*CREATE_USER_GROUP_LINK.* Allows a user to assign secondary permission
groups to a user

*CREATE_VOLUME.* Allows a user to create call numbers

*CREATE_VOLUME_NOTE.* Allows a user to create notes on call numbers

*CREATE_VOLUME_PREFIX.* Allows a user to create call number prefix label
definitions

*CREATE_VOLUME_SUFFIX.* Allows a user to create call number suffix label
definitions

*CREATE_VR_FORMAT.* Allows a user to create videorecording formats

*CREATE_XML_TRANSFORM.* Allows a user to create XML/XSLT transform
definitions

*DEBUG_CLIENT.* Allows a user to use debug functions in the staff client

*DELETE_ACQ_FUNDING_SOURCE.* Allows an acquisitions user to delete
funding sources

*DELETE_AUDIENCE.* Allows a user to delete MARC audience codes

*DELETE_AUTHORITY_CONTROL_SET.* Allows a user to delete authority
control sets

*DELETE_AUTHORITY_IMPORT_IMPORT_FIELD_DEF.* Allows a user to delete
queued authority record attribute definitions

*DELETE_AUTHORITY_IMPORT_QUEUE.* Allows a user to delete authority
import queues

*DELETE_AUTHORITY_RECORD.* Allows a user to delete authority records

*DELETE_AUTHORITY_RECORD NOTE.* Allows a user to delete notes on
authority records

*DELETE_BIB_BTYPE.* Allows a user to delete bibliographic record bucket
types

*DELETE_BIB_IMPORT_IMPORT_FIELD_DEF.* Allows a user to delete queued bib
record attribute definitions

*DELETE_BIB_IMPORT_QUEUE.* Allows a user to delete bib import queues

*DELETE_BIB_LEVEL.* DELETE_BIB_LEVEL

*DELETE_BIB_PTYPE.* Allows a user to delete bibliographic record peer
types

*DELETE_BIB_SOURCE.* Allows a user to delete bibliographic sources

*DELETE_BIBLIO_FINGERPRINT.* Allows a user to delete bibliographic
fingerprint definitions

*DELETE_BILLING_TYPE.* Allows a user to delete billing types

*DELETE_CIRC_DURATION.* Allows a user to delete circulation duration
rules

*DELETE_CIRC_MOD.* Allows a user to delete circulation modifiers

*DELETE_CN_BTYPE.* Allows a user to delete call number bucket types

*DELETE_CONTAINER.* Allows a user to delete another user's bucket

*DELETE_CONTAINER_ITEM.* Allows a user to remove items from another
user's bucket

*DELETE_COPY.* Allows a user to delete item records

*DELETE_COPY_ALERT.* Allows a user to delete item alerts

*DELETE_COPY_ALERT_SUPPRESS.* Allows a user to delete item alert
suppressions

*DELETE_COPY_ALERT_TYPE.* Allows a user to delete item alert types

*DELETE_COPY_BTYPE.* Allows a user to delete item bucket types

*DELETE_COPY_LOCATION.* Allows a user to delete shelving locations

*DELETE_COPY_NOTE.* Allows a user to delete item notes

*DELETE_COPY_STAT_CAT.* Allows a user to delete item statistical
categories

*DELETE_COPY_STAT_CAT_ENTRY.* Allows a user to delete item statistical
category entries

*DELETE_COPY_STAT_CAT_ENTRY_MAP.* Allows a user to delete item
statistical category entry maps

*DELETE_COPY_STATUS.* Allows a user to delete item statuses

*DELETE_FUND.* Allows an acquisitions user to delete funds

*DELETE_FUND_ALLOCATION.* Allows an acquisitions user to delete fund
allocations

*DELETE_FUNDING_SOURCE.* Allows a user to delete funding sources

*DELETE_HOLDS.* Allows a user to delete holds

*DELETE_HOURS_OF_OPERATION.* Allows a user to delete (clear) hours of
operation for an organizational unit

*DELETE_IMPORT_ITEM.* Allows a user to delete import items

*DELETE_IMPORT_ITEM_ATTR_DEF.* Allows an acquisitions user to edit
import item attribute definitions

*DELETE_IMPORT_TRASH_FIELD.* Allows a user to delete import/overlay
field groups

*DELETE_INVOICE_ITEM_TYPE.* Allows an acquisitions user to delete
non-bibliographic invoice item types

*DELETE_INVOICE_METHOD.* Allows a user to delete invoice methods

*DELETE_ITEM_FORM.* Allows a user to delete item forms

*DELETE_ITEM_TYPE.* Allows a user to delete item types

*DELETE_LANGUAGE.* DELETE_LANGUAGE

*DELETE_LASSO.* _(no longer applicable)_

*DELETE_LASSO_MAP.* _(no longer applicable)_

*DELETE_LIT_FORM.* DELETE_LIT_FORM

*DELETE_LOCALE.* Allows a user to delete locales

*DELETE_MARC_CODE.* Allows a user to delete MARC code

*DELETE_MERGE_PROFILE.* Allows a user to delete bib import merge
profiles

*DELETE_METABIB_CLASS.* Allows a user to delete metabib classes

*DELETE_METABIB_FIELD.* Allows a user to delete metabib fields

*DELETE_METABIB_SEARCH_ALIAS.* Allows a user to delete metabib search
aliases

*DELETE_MFHD_RECORD.* Allows a user to delete MFHD records

*DELETE_MONOGRAPH_PART.* Allows a user to merge and delete monograph
part definitions

*DELETE_NET_ACCESS_LEVEL.* Allows a user to delete net access levels

*DELETE_NON_CAT_TYPE.* Allows a user to delete non-cataloged types

*DELETE_ORG_ADDRESS.* Allows a user to delete organizational unit
addresses

*DELETE_ORG_TYPE.* Allows a user to delete organizational unit types

*DELETE_ORG_UNIT.* Allows a user to delete organizational units

*DELETE_ORG_UNIT_CLOSING.* Allows a user to delete closed date entries
for an organizational unit

*DELETE_PATRON_STAT_CAT.* Allows a user to delete patron statistical
categories

*DELETE_PATRON_STAT_CAT_ENTRY.* Allows a user to delete patron
statistical category entries

*DELETE_PATRON_STAT_CAT_ENTRY_DEFAULT.* Allows a user to delete (unset)
a default entry in a patron statistical category

*DELETE_PATRON_STAT_CAT_ENTRY_MAP.* Allows a user to delete patron
statistical category entry maps

*DELETE_PERM.* Allows a user to delete permissions from the permissions
list

*DELETE_POP_BADGE.* Allows a user to delete statistical popularity
badges

*DELETE_POP_PARAMETER.* Allows a user to delete popularity badge
parameters

*DELETE_PROVIDER.* Allows an acquisitions user to delete providers

*DELETE_RECORD.* Allows a user to delete bibliographic records

*DELETE_RECORD_NOTE.* Allows a user to delete record notes

*DELETE_RELEVANCE_ADJUSTMENT.* Allows a user to delete relevance
adjustments

*DELETE_SURVEY.* Allows a user to delete surveys

*DELETE_TITLE_NOTE.* Allows a user to delete title notes

*DELETE_TRANSIT.* DELETE_TRANSIT

*DELETE_TRANSLATION.* Allows a user to delete translations

*DELETE_TRIGGER_CLEANUP.* Allows a user to delete trigger cleanup
entries

*DELETE_TRIGGER_EVENT_DEF.* Allows a user to delete trigger event
definitions

*DELETE_TRIGGER_HOOK.* Allows a user to delete trigger hooks

*DELETE_TRIGGER_REACTOR.* Allows a user to delete trigger reactors

*DELETE_TRIGGER_TEMPLATE_OUTPUT.* Allows a user to delete trigger
template output

*DELETE_TRIGGER_VALIDATOR.* Allows a user to delete trigger validators

*DELETE_USER.* Allows a user to delete (purge) another user's account

*DELETE_USER_BTYPE.* Allows a user to delete user bucket types

*DELETE_VOLUME.* Allows a user to delete call numbers

*DELETE_VOLUME_NOTE.* Allows a user to delete someone else's call number
notes

*DELETE_VOLUME_PREFIX.* Allows a user to delete call number prefix label
definitions

*DELETE_VOLUME_SUFFIX.* Allows a user to delete call number suffix label
definitions

*DELETE_VR_FORMAT.* Allows a user to delete videorecording formats

*DELETE_WORKSTATION.* Allows a user to remove workstations

*DELETE_XML_TRANSFORM.* Allows a user to delete XML/XSLT transform
definitions

*EDIT_SELF_IN_CLIENT.* Allows a user to edit their own account in the
staff client

*EMERGENCY_CLOSING.* Allows a user to create emergency closed date
entries for an organizational unit

*EVERYTHING.* Allows a user to perform any function where a permission is checked _(note: currently this does not include all functions)_

*GENERAL_ACQ.* Allows an acquisitions user to access acquisitions interfaces at the lowest level _(note: currently is used only to retrieve all currency types)_

*HOLD_EXISTS.override.* Allows a user to place multiple holds on a
single item

*HOLD_ITEM_CHECKED_OUT.override.* Allows a user to place a hold on an
item that they already have checked out

*IMPORT_ACQ_LINEITEM_BIB_RECORD.* Allows an acquisitions user to import
a bib record from the acquisitions staging area (on-order record) into the ILS
bib data set

*IMPORT_ACQ_LINEITEM_BIB_RECORD_UPLOAD.* Allows a user to create new
bibs directly from an acquisitions MARC file upload

*IMPORT_AUTHORITY_MARC.* Allows a user to create new authority records

*IMPORT_MARC.* Allows a user to import MARC records

*IMPORT_ON_ORDER_CAT_COPY.* Allows a users to import copies based on the
on-order items attached to a record

*IMPORT_OVERLAY_COPY.* Allows a user to overlay item data in MARC import

*IMPORT_USE_ORG_UNIT_COPIES.* Allows a users to import records based on
the number of organizational unit copies attached to a record

*ISSUANCE_HOLDS.* Allows a user to place holds on serials issuances

*ITEM_AGE_PROTECTED.override.* Allows a user to place holds on
age-protected items

*ITEM_DEPOSIT_PAID.override.* Allows a user to override the alert upon
check-in of an item that requires a deposit

*ITEM_DEPOSIT_REQUIRED.override.* Allows a user to override the alert
upon checkout of an item that requires a deposit

*ITEM_NOT_HOLDABLE.override.* Allows a user to place a hold on an item marked as not holdable

*ITEM_ON_HOLDS_SHELF.override.* Allows a user to check out an item on
the holds shelf for another patron

*ITEM_RENTAL_FEE_REQUIRED.override.* Allows a user to override the alert
upon checkout of an item that has a deposit amount but does not require
a deposit

*MANAGE_CLAIM.* Allows an acquisitions user to manage claims

*MANAGE_CUSTOM_PERM_GRP_TREE.* Allows a user to manage permission tree
display entries

*MANAGE_FUND.* Allows an acquisitions user to view/credit/debit funds

*MANAGE_FUNDING_SOURCE.* Allows an acquisitions user to
view/credit/debit funding sources

*MANAGE_HOLD_GROUPS.* Allows a user to create and cancel hold group
events

*MANAGE_PROVIDER.* Allows an acquisitions user to view and purchase from
a provider

*MANAGE_RESERVES.* Allows a user to manage courses and course materials
and associate users with courses

*MAP_MONOGRAPH_PART.* Allows a user to create/edit/delete item monograph
part maps

*MARK_BAD_DEBT.* Allows a user to mark a transaction as bad
(unrecoverable) debt

*MARK_ITEM_AVAILABLE.* Allows a user to mark an item's status as
'Available'

*MARK_ITEM_BINDERY.* Allows a user to mark an item's status as 'Bindery'

*MARK_ITEM_CATALOGING.* Allow a user to mark an item's status as
'Cataloging'

*MARK_ITEM_CHECKED_OUT.* Allows a user to mark an item's status as
'Checked out'

*MARK_ITEM_DAMAGED.* Allows a user to mark an item's status as 'Damaged'

*MARK_ITEM_DISCARD.* Allows a user to mark an item's status as 'Discard'

*MARK_ITEM_ILL.* Allows a user to mark an item's status as 'ILL'

*MARK_ITEM_IN_PROCESS.* Allows a user to mark an item's status as 'In
process'

*MARK_ITEM_IN_TRANSIT.* Allows a user to mark an item's status as 'In
transit'

*MARK_ITEM_LOST.* Allows a user to mark an item's status as 'Lost'

*MARK_ITEM_MISSING.* Allows a user to mark an item's status as 'Missing'

*MARK_ITEM_MISSING_PIECES.* Allows a user to scan an item as missing
pieces

*MARK_ITEM_ON_HOLDS_SHELF.* Allows a user to mark an item's status as
'On holds shelf'

*MARK_ITEM_ON_ORDER.* Allows a user to mark an item's status as 'On
order'

*MARK_ITEM_RESERVES.* Allows a user to mark an item's status as
'Reserves'

*MARK_ITEM_RESHELVING.* Allows a user to mark an item's status as
'Reshelving'

*MAX_HOLDS.override.* Allows a user to override the alert when the
maximum number of holds has been reached

*MAX_RENEWALS_REACHED.override.* Allows a user to renew an item that has
reached the maximum amount of renewals

*MERGE_AUTH_RECORDS.* Allows a user to merge authority records

*MERGE_BIB_RECORDS.* Allows a user to merge bib records and their
associated data regardless of their bib/call number/item-level
permissions

*MERGE_USERS.* Allows a user to merge two user profiles

*MR_HOLDS.* Allows a user to create metarecord holds

*OFFLINE_EXECUTE.* Allows a user to execute (process) an offline script
batch

*OFFLINE_UPLOAD.* Allows a user to upload an offline script

*OFFLINE_VIEW.* Allows a user to view offline sessions

*OPAC_LOGIN.* Allows a user to log in to the OPAC

*OVERRIDE_HOLD_HAS_LOCAL_COPY.* Allows a user to override the
circ.holds.hold_has_copy_at.block setting

*PATRON_EXCEEDS_CHECKOUT_COUNT.override.* Allows a user to override the
alert when a user has the maximum number of items checked out

*PATRON_EXCEEDS_FINES.override.* Allows a user to override the alert
when a user exceeds the fines threshold

*PATRON_EXCEEDS_LOST_COUNT.override.* Allows a user to override the
alert at checkout when a user has met the maximum lost item count

*PATRON_EXCEEDS_OVERDUE_COUNT.override.* Allows a user to override the
alert when patron has too many overdue items

*PERSISTENT_LOGIN.* Allows a user to authenticate and get a long-lived
session (length configured in opensrf.xml)

*PLACE_UNFILLABLE_HOLD.* Allows a user to place a hold that cannot
currently be filled

*RECEIVE_PURCHASE_ORDER.* Allows an acquisitions user to mark a purchase
order, lineitem, or individual item as received

*RECEIVE_SERIAL.* Allows an acquisitions user to receive serial items

*REFRESH_CAROUSEL.* Allows a user to refresh carousels

*REGISTER_WORKSTATION.* Allows a user to register workstations

*REMOTE_Z3950_QUERY.* Allows a user to perform z39.50 queries against
remote servers

*REMOVE_GROUP_PERM.* Allows a user to delete permissions from a
permission group

*REMOVE_USER_GROUP_LINK.* Allows a user to remove secondary permission
groups from a user

*RENEW_CIRC.* Allows a user to renew an item's circulation on another
user's account

*RENEW_HOLD_OVERRIDE.* Allows a user to renew an item's circulation even
if it is required for a hold

*REQUEST_HOLDS.* Allows a user to create holds for another user

*REQUEST_HOLDS_OVERRIDE.* _(no longer applicable)_

*RETRIEVE_RESERVATION_PULL_LIST.* Allows a user to retrieve the booking
reservation pull list

*RUN_REPORTS.* Allows a user to run reports

*RUN_SIMPLE_REPORTS.* Allows a user to access Simple Reports

*SAVED_FILTER_DIALOG_FILTERS.* Allows a user to save and load sets of
filters for filter dialogs, available in certain staff interfaces

*SET_CIRC_CLAIMS_RETURNED.* Allows a user to mark an item as 'Claims
Returned'

*SET_CIRC_CLAIMS_RETURNED.override.* Allows a user to override the
maximum claims returned value for a patron

*SET_CIRC_LONG_OVERDUE.* Allows the user to mark an item as 'Long
Overdue'

*SET_CIRC_LOST.* Allows a user to mark an item as 'Lost'

*SHARE_REPORT_FOLDER.* Allows a user to share their report folders

*SSO_ADMIN.* Allows a user to edit single sign on (SSO) organizational
unit settings

*STAFF_LOGIN.* Allows a user to log in to the staff client

*TITLE_HOLDS.* Allows a user to place a title-level hold

*TOTAL_HOLD_COPY_RATIO_EXCEEDED.override.* Allows a user to override the
TOTAL_HOLD_COPY_RATIO_EXCEEDED event 

*TRANSIT_CHECKIN_INTERVAL_BLOCK.override.* Allows a user to override the
TRANSIT_CHECKIN_INTERVAL_BLOCK event

*TRANSIT_COPY.* TRANSIT_COPY

*UNBAR_PATRON.* Allows a user to unbar a patron

*UPDATE_ACQ_FUNDING_SOURCE.* Allows a user to edit acquisitions funding
sources

*UPDATE_AUDIENCE.* Allows a user to edit MARC audience codes

*UPDATE_AUTHORITY_CONTROL_SET.* Allow a user to modify authority control
sets

*UPDATE_AUTHORITY_IMPORT_IMPORT_FIELD_DEF.* Allows a user to edit queued
authority record attribute definitions

*UPDATE_AUTHORITY_IMPORT_QUEUE.* Allows a user to edit authority import
queues

*UPDATE_AUTHORITY_RECORD.* Allows a user to modify authority records

*UPDATE_AUTHORITY_RECORD_NOTE.* Allows a user to edit notes on authority
records

*UPDATE_BATCH_COPY.* Allows a user to batch edit item records

*UPDATE_BIB_BTYPE.* Allows a user to edit bibliographic record bucket
types

*UPDATE_BIB_IMPORT_IMPORT_FIELD_DEF.* Allows a user to edit queued bib
record attribute definitions

*UPDATE_BIB_IMPORT_QUEUE.* Allows a user to edit bibliographic import
queues

*UPDATE_BIB_LEVEL.* UPDATE_BIB_LEVEL

*UPDATE_BIB_PTYPE.* Allows a user to edit bibliographic record peer types

*UPDATE_BIB_SOURCE.* Allows a user to edit bibliographic sources

*UPDATE_BIBLIO_FINGERPRINT.* Allows a user to edit bibliographic
fingerprint definitions

*UPDATE_BILL_NOTE.* Allows a user to edit the note on a bill

*UPDATE_BILLING_TYPE.* Allows a user to edit billing types

*UPDATE_CIRC_DURATION.* Allows a user to edit circulation duration rules

*UPDATE_CIRC_MOD.* Allows a user to edit circulation modifiers

*UPDATE_CN_BTYPE.* Allows a user to edit call number bucket types

*UPDATE_CONTAINER.* Allows a user to edit another user's bucket

*UPDATE_COPY.* Allows a user to edit items

*UPDATE_COPY_ALERT.* Allows a user to edit item alerts

*UPDATE_COPY_ALERT_SUPPRESS.* Allows a user to edit item alert
suppressions

*UPDATE_COPY_ALERT_TYPE.* Allows a user to edit item alert types

*UPDATE_COPY_BARCODE.* Allows a user to edit (replace) the barcode for
an item

*UPDATE_COPY_BTYPE.* Allows a user to edit item bucket types

*UPDATE_COPY_LOCATION.* Allows a user to edit shelving locations

*UPDATE_COPY_NOTE.* Allows a user to edit item notes

*UPDATE_COPY_STAT_CAT.* Allows a user to edit item statistical
categories

*UPDATE_COPY_STAT_CAT_ENTRY.* Allows a user to edit item statistical
category entries

*UPDATE_COPY_STATUS.* Allows a user to edit the attributes of an item
status

*UPDATE_FUND.* Allows an acquisitions user to edit funds

*UPDATE_FUND_ALLOCATION.* Allows a user to edit fund allocations

*UPDATE_FUNDING_SOURCE.* Allows an acquisitions user to edit funding
sources

*UPDATE_GROUP_PERM.* Allows a user to edit permission depth and
grantability

*UPDATE_HOLD.* Allows a user to edit another user's holds

*UPDATE_HOLD_REQUEST_TIME.* Allows a user to edit a hold's request date,
therefore moving a hold to the top of the holds queue

*UPDATE_HOURS_OF_OPERATION.* Allows a user to edit hours of operation
for an organizational unit

*UPDATE_IMPORT_ITEM.* Allows a user to edit import items

*UPDATE_IMPORT_ITEM_ATTR_DEF.* Allows a user to edit import item
attribute definitions

*UPDATE_IMPORT_TRASH_FIELD.* Allows a user to edit import/overlay field
groups

*UPDATE_INVOICE_ITEM_TYPE.* Allows an acquisitions user to edit
non-bibliographic invoice item types

*UPDATE_INVOICE_METHOD.* Allows a user to edit invoice methods

*UPDATE_ITEM_FORM.* Allows a user to edit item forms

*UPDATE_ITEM_TYPE.* Allows a user to edit item types

*UPDATE_LANGUAGE.* UPDATE_LANGUAGE

*UPDATE_LASSO.* _(no longer applicable)_

*UPDATE_LASSO_MAP.* _(no longer applicable)_

*UPDATE_LIT_FORM.* UPDATE_LIT_FORM

*UPDATE_LOCALE.* Allows a user to edit locales

*UPDATE_MARC.* Allows a user to edit MARC records

*UPDATE_MARC_CODE.* Allows a user to edit MARC code

*UPDATE_MERGE_PROFILE.* Allows a user to edit bib import merge profiles

*UPDATE_METABIB_CLASS.* Allows a user to edit metabib classes

*UPDATE_METABIB_FIELD.* Allows a user to edit metabib fields

*UPDATE_METABIB_SEARCH_ALIAS.* Allows a user to edit metabib search
aliases

*UPDATE_MFHD_RECORD.* Allows a user to edit MFHD records

*UPDATE_MONOGRAPH_PART.* Allows a user to edit monograph part
definitions

*UPDATE_NET_ACCESS_LEVEL.* Allows a user to edit net access levels

*UPDATE_NON_CAT_TYPE.* Allows a user to edit non-cataloged types

*UPDATE_ORG_ADDRESS.* Allows a user to edit organizational unit
addresses

*UPDATE_ORG_SETTING.* Allows a user to edit organizational unit settings

*UPDATE_ORG_TYPE.* Allows a user to edit organizational unit types

*UPDATE_ORG_UNIT.* Allows a user to edit the main settings for an
organizational unit

*UPDATE_ORG_UNIT_CLOSING.* Allows a user to edit closed date entries for
an organizational unit

*UPDATE_ORG_UNIT_SETTING_ALL.* Allows a user to edit all organizational
unit settings in the Library Settings Editor

*UPDATE_ORG_UNIT_SETTING.auth.opac_timeout.* Allows a user to edit the
auth.opac_timeout setting in the Library Settings Editor

*UPDATE_ORG_UNIT_SETTING.auth.staff_timeout.* Allows a user to edit the
auth.staff_timeout setting in the Library Settings Editor

*UPDATE_ORG_UNIT_SETTING.cat.bib.alert_on_empty.* Allows a user to edit
the cat.bib.alert_on_empty setting in the Library Settings Editor

*UPDATE_ORG_UNIT_SETTING.cat.bib.keep_on_empty.* Allows a user to edit
the cat.bib.keep_on_empty setting in the Library Settings Editor

*UPDATE_ORG_UNIT_SETTING.cat.default_item_price.* Allows a user to edit
the cat.default_item_price setting in the Library Settings Editor

*UPDATE_ORG_UNIT_SETTING.circ.block_renews_for_holds.* Allows a user to
edit the circ.block_renews_for_holds setting in the Library Settings
Editor

*UPDATE_ORG_UNIT_SETTING.circ.hold_boundary.hard.* Allows a user to edit
the circ.hold_boundary.hard setting in the Library Settings Editor

*UPDATE_ORG_UNIT_SETTING.circ.hold_boundary.soft.* Allows a user to edit
the circ.hold_boundary.soft setting in the Library Settings Editor

*UPDATE_ORG_UNIT_SETTING.circ.hold_expire_alert_interval.* Allows a user
to edit the circ.hold_expire_alert_interval setting in the Library
Settings Editor

*UPDATE_ORG_UNIT_SETTING.circ.hold_expire_interval.* Allows a user to
edit the circ.hold_expire_interval setting in the Library Settings
Editor

*UPDATE_ORG_UNIT_SETTING.circ.hold_stalling.soft.* Allows a user to edit
the circ.hold_stalling.soft setting in the Library Settings Editor

*UPDATE_ORG_UNIT_SETTING.circ.item_checkout_history.max.* Allows a user
to edit the circ.item_checkout_history.max setting in the Library
Settings Editor

*UPDATE_ORG_UNIT_SETTING.circ.lost_materials_processing_fee.* Allows a
user to edit the lost_materials_processing_fee setting in the Library
Settings Editor

*UPDATE_ORG_UNIT_SETTING.circ.max_item_price.* Allows a user to edit the
circ.max_item_price setting in the Library Settings Editor

*UPDATE_ORG_UNIT_SETTING.circ.min_item_price.* Allows a user to edit the
circ.min_item_price setting in the Library Settings Editor

*UPDATE_ORG_UNIT_SETTING.circ.reshelving_complete.interval.* Allows a
user to edit the circ.reshelving_complete.interval setting in the
Library Settings Editor

*UPDATE_ORG_UNIT_SETTING.circ.selfcheck.alert_on_checkout_event.* Allows
a user to edit the circ.selfcheck.alert_on_checkout_event setting in the
Library Settings Editor

*UPDATE_ORG_UNIT_SETTING.circ.selfcheck.patron_login_timeout.* Allows a
user to edit the circ.selfcheck.patron_login_timeout setting in the
Library Settings Editor

*UPDATE_ORG_UNIT_SETTING.circ.staff_client.receipt.alert_text.* Allows a
user to edit the circ.staff_client.receipt.alert_text setting in the
Library Settings Editor

*UPDATE_ORG_UNIT_SETTING.circ.void_overdue_on_lost.* Allows a user to
edit the circ.void_overdue_on_lost setting in the Library Settings
Editor

*UPDATE_ORG_UNIT_SETTING.credit.payments.allow.* Allows a user to edit
the credit.payments.allow setting in the Library Settings Editor

*UPDATE_ORG_UNIT_SETTING.global.juvenile_age_threshold.* Allows a user
to edit the global.juvenile_age_threshold setting in the Library
Settings Editor

*UPDATE_ORG_UNIT_SETTING.global.password_regex.* Allows a user to edit
the global.password_regex setting in the Library Settings Editor

*UPDATE_ORG_UNIT_SETTING.opac.barcode_regex.* Allows a user to edit the
opac.barcode_regex setting in the Library Settings Editor

*UPDATE_ORG_UNIT_SETTING.opac.matomo.* Allows a user to configure Matomo
Analytics settings in the Library Settings Editor

*UPDATE_ORG_UNIT_SETTING.opac.patron.custom_css.* Allows a user to edit
the opac.patron.custom_css setting in the Library Settings Editor

*UPDATE_ORG_UNIT_SETTING.org.bounced_emails.* Allows a user to edit the
org.bounced_emails setting in the Library Settings Editor

*UPDATE_ORG_UNIT_SETTING.patron.password.use_phone.* Allows a user to
edit the patron.password.use_phone setting in the Library Settings
Editor

*UPDATE_ORG_UNIT_SETTING.ui.hide_copy_editor_fields.* Allows a user to
edit the ui.hide_copy_editor_fields setting in the Library Settings
Editor

*UPDATE_PATRON_ACTIVE_CARD.* Allows a user to manually adjust another
user's active cards

*UPDATE_PATRON_CLAIM_NEVER_CHECKED_OUT_COUNT.* Allows a user to manually
change a patron's claims never checked out count

*UPDATE_PATRON_CLAIM_RETURN_COUNT.* Allows a user to manually change a
patron's claims returned count

*UPDATE_PATRON_COLLECTIONS_EXEMPT.* Allows a user to indicate that a
patron is exempt from collections processing

*UPDATE_PATRON_PRIMARY_CARD.* Allows a user to manually adjust another
user's primary barcode

*UPDATE_PATRON_STAT_CAT.* Allows a user to edit patron statistical
categories

*UPDATE_PATRON_STAT_CAT_ENTRY.* Allows a user to edit patron statistical
category entries

*UPDATE_PATRON_STAT_CAT_ENTRY_DEFAULT.* Allows a user to set a default
entry for patron statistical categories

*UPDATE_PAYMENT_NOTE.* Allows a user to edit the note for a payment on a
transaction

*UPDATE_PERM.* Allows a user to edit permissions in the permissions list

*UPDATE_PICKLIST.* Allows an acquisitions user to edit and reuse a
selection list

*UPDATE_PICKUP_LIB_FROM_HOLDS_SHELF.* Allows a user to change the pickup
library chosen for a hold

*UPDATE_PICKUP_LIB_FROM_TRANSIT.* Allows a user to change the pickup and
transit destinations for a captured hold item already in transit

*UPDATE_POP_BADGE.* Allows a user to delete statistical popularity
badges

*UPDATE_POP_PARAMETER.* Allows a user to edit popularity badge
parameters

*UPDATE_PROVIDER.* Allows an acquisitions user to edit providers

*UPDATE_RECORD.* Allows a user to undelete MARC records

*UPDATE_RECORD_NOTE.* Allows a user to edit record notes

*UPDATE_RELEVANCE_ADJUSTMENT.* Allows a user to edit relevance
adjustments

*UPDATE_SURVEY.* Allows a user to edit surveys

*UPDATE_TRANSIT.* UPDATE_TRANSIT

*UPDATE_TRANSLATION.* Allows a user to edit translations

*UPDATE_TRIGGER_CLEANUP.* Allows a user to edit trigger cleanup entries

*UPDATE_TRIGGER_EVENT_DEF.* Allows a user to edit trigger event
definitions

*UPDATE_TRIGGER_HOOK.* Allows a user to edit trigger hooks

*UPDATE_TRIGGER_REACTOR.* Allows a user to edit trigger reactors

*UPDATE_TRIGGER_VALIDATOR.* Allows a user to edit trigger validators

*UPDATE_USER.* Allows a user to edit another user's account

*UPDATE_USER_BTYPE.* Allows a user to edit user bucket types

*UPDATE_USER_PHOTO_URL.* Allows a user to edit the Photo URL field in
the patron registration and edit screens

*UPDATE_VOLUME.* Allows a user to edit call numbers

*UPDATE_VOLUME_NOTE.* Allows a user to edit call number notes

*UPDATE_VOLUME_PREFIX.* Allows a user to edit call number prefix label
definitions

*UPDATE_VOLUME_SUFFIX.* Allows a user to edit call number suffix label
definitions

*UPDATE_VR_FORMAT.* Allows a user to edit videorecording formats

*UPDATE_WORKSTATION.* Allows a user to take over an existing workstation
registration

*UPDATE_XML_TRANSFORM.* Allows a user to edit XML/XSLT transform
definitions

*UPLOAD_COVER_IMAGE.* Allows a user to upload a custom jacket/cover
image for a given bibliographic record for display in the staff client
and OPAC

*URL_VERIFY.* Allows a user to process and verify URLs through the
cataloging Link Checker

*URL_VERIFY_UPDATE_SETTINGS.* Allows a user to configure URL
verification organizational unit settings

*VIEW_ACQ_FUND_ALLOCATION_PERCENT.* Allows an acquisitions user to view
credits allocated to funds

*VIEW_ACQ_FUNDING_SOURCE.* Allows an acquisitions user to view funding
sources

*VIEW_ADDRESS_ALERT.* Allows a user to view address alerts

*VIEW_AUTHORITY_RECORD_NOTES.* Allows a user to view authority record
notes

*VIEW_BILLING_TYPE.* Allows a user to view billing types

*VIEW_BOOKING_RESERVATION.* Allows a user to view booking reservations

*VIEW_BOOKING_RESERVATION_ATTR_MAP.* Allows a user to view booking
reservation attribute maps

*VIEW_BOOKING_RESOURCE.* Allows a user to view booking resources

*VIEW_BOOKING_RESOURCE_TYPE.* Allows a user to view booking resource
types

*VIEW_CIRC_MATRIX_MATCHPOINT.* Allows a user to view circulation limit
sets, circulation matrix weights, and circulation policies

*VIEW_CIRCULATIONS.* Allows a user to see what another user has checked
out

*VIEW_CLAIM.* Allows an acquisitions user to view claim types and claim
type events

*VIEW_CONTAINER.* Allows a user to view another user's (shared) buckets

*VIEW_COPY_ALERT.* Allows a user to view item alerts

*VIEW_COPY_CHECKOUT_HISTORY.* Allows a user to view which users have
checked out a given item

*VIEW_COPY_NOTES.* Allows a user to view all notes attached to an item

*VIEW_CREDIT_CARD_PROCESSING.* Allows a user to view Credit Card
Processing settings in the Library Settings Editor

*VIEW_FUND.* Allows an acquisitions user to view funds under fund
administration

*VIEW_FUND_ALLOCATION.* Allows an acquisitions user to view fund
allocations

*VIEW_FUNDING_SOURCE.* Allows an acquisitions user to view funding
sources

*VIEW_GEOLOCATION_SERVICES.* Allows a user to view geographic location
services

*VIEW_GROUP_PENALTY_THRESHOLD.* Allows a user to view group penalty
thresholds

*VIEW_HOLD.* Allows a user to view another user's holds

*VIEW_HOLD_MATRIX_MATCHPOINT.* Allows a user to view hold matrix
matchpoints and hold policies

*VIEW_HOLD_NOTIFICATION.* Allows a user to view staff notifications
attached to a hold

*VIEW_HOLD_PERMIT.* Allows a user to see if another user has permission
to place a hold on a given item

*VIEW_HOLD_PULL_LIST.* Allows a user to view the holds pull list

*VIEW_IMPORT_MATCH_SET.* Allows an acquisitions user to view Vandelay
match sets

*VIEW_INVOICE.* Allows an acquisitions user to search for and print
invoices

*VIEW_MERGE_PROFILE.* Allows an acquisitions user to view Merge Profile
options

*VIEW_ORG_SETTINGS.* Allows a user to view all organizational unit
settings in the Library Settings Editor

*VIEW_PERM_GROUPS.* Allow a user to view another user's permission
groups

*VIEW_PERMISSION.* Allows a user to view the permissions list and a user’s permissions within the User Permissions Editor

*VIEW_PERMIT_CHECKOUT.* Allows a user to determine if another user can
check out an item

*VIEW_PICKLIST.* Allows an acquisitions user to view selection lists

*VIEW_PROVIDER.* Allows an acquisitions user to view providers

*VIEW_PURCHASE_ORDER.* Allows an acquisitions user to view purchase
orders

*VIEW_REPORT_OUTPUT.* Allows a user to view report outputs

*VIEW_SEARCH_FILTER_GROUP.* Allows a user to view search filter groups
and entries

*VIEW_SERIAL_SUBSCRIPTION.* Allows a user to view serial subscriptions

*VIEW_TITLE_NOTES.* Allows a user to view all notes attached to a title

*VIEW_TRANSACTION.* Allows a user to view user transactions and cash
reports

*VIEW_TRIGGER_EVENT.* Allows a user to view the circ- and hold-related
action/trigger event log attached to a user account

*VIEW_TRIGGER_EVENT_DEF.* Allows a user to view trigger event
definitions

*VIEW_USER.* Allows a user to view user accounts

*VIEW_USER_FINES_SUMMARY.* Allows a user to see the total bill balance
attached to a user account

*VIEW_USER_SETTING_TYPE.* Allows a user to view configurable user setting
types

*VIEW_USER_TRANSACTIONS.* Allows a user to view another user's bill
transactions

*VIEW_VOLUME_NOTES.* Allows a user to view all notes attached to a call
number

*VIEW_ZIP_DATA.* Allows a user to query the zip code data method

*VOID_BILLING.* Allows a user to void bills

*VOLUME_HOLDS.* Allows a user to place a call number-level hold

*actor.org_unit.closed_date.create.* Allows a user to create closed date
entries for an organizational unit

*actor.org_unit.closed_date.delete.* Allows a user to delete closed date
entries for an organizational unit

*actor.org_unit.closed_date.update.* Allows a user to edit closed date
entries for an organizational unit

*group_application.user.* Allows a user to create and edit users in the
User permission group

*group_application.user.patron.* Allows a user to create and edit users
in the Patron permission group

*group_application.user.sip_client.* Allows a user to create and edit
users in the SIP-Client permission group

*group_application.user.staff.* Allows a user to create and edit users
in the Staff permission group

*group_application.user.staff.acq.* Allows a user to create and edit
users in the Acquisitions permission groups

*group_application.user.staff.acq_admin.* Allows a user to create and
edit users in Acquisitions Administration permission groups

*group_application.user.staff.admin.global_admin.* Allows a user to
create and edit users in the GlobalAdmin permission group

*group_application.user.staff.admin.lib_manager.* Allows a user to
create and edit users in the LibraryManager permission group

*group_application.user.staff.admin.local_admin.* Allows a user to
create and edit users in the LocalAdmin permission group

*group_application.user.staff.admin.system_admin.* Allows a user to
create and edit users in the System Administrator permission group

*group_application.user.staff.cat.* Allows a user to create and edit
users in the Cataloger permission groups

*group_application.user.staff.cat_admin.* Allows a user to create and
edit users in the Cataloging Administrator permission group

*group_application.user.staff.cat.cat1.* Allows a user to create and
edit users in the Cat1 permission group

*group_application.user.staff.circ.* Allows a user to create and edit
users in the Circulator permission groups

*group_application.user.staff.circ_admin.* Allows a user to create and
edit users in the Circulation Administrator permission group

*group_application.user.staff.data_review.* Allows a user to create and
edit users in the Data Review permission group

*group_application.user.staff.supercat.* Allows a user to create and
edit users in the SuperCat permission group

*group_application.user.staff.volunteers.* Allows a user to create and
edit users in the Volunteers permission group

*group_application.user.vendor.* Allows a user to create and edit users
in the Vendor permission groups

*money.collections_tracker.create.* Allows a user to put a user into
collections

*money.collections_tracker.delete.* Allows a user to remove a user from
collections

*user_request.create.* Allows a user to create patron purchase requests

*user_request.delete.* Allows a user to delete patron purchase requests

*user_request.update.* Allows a user to edit patron purchase requests

*user_request.view.* Allows a user to view patron purchase requests
