Triggered Events and Notices
----------------------------

Improvements to the Triggered Events interface enables you to easily filter,
sort, and print triggered events from the patron's account or an item's details.
This feature is especially useful when tracking notice completion from a
patron's account.

Access and View
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can access *Triggered Events* from two Evergreen interfaces: a patron's
account or an item's details.  

To access this interface in the patron's account, open the patron's record and
click *Other* -> *Triggered Events / Notifications*.

To access this interface from the item's details, enter the item barcode into
the *Item Status* screen, and click *Actions* -> *Show* -> *Triggered Events*.

Information about the patron, the item, and the triggered event appear in the
center of the screen.  Add or delete columns to the display by right clicking on
any column. The *Column Picker* appears in a pop up box and enables you to
select the columns that you want to display.

image::media/Triggered_Events_and_Notices1.jpg[Triggered_Events_and_Notices1]

Filter
~~~~~~

The triggered events that display are controlled by the filters on the right
side of the screen.  By default, Evergreen displays completed circulation
events.  Notice that the default filters display *Event State is Complete* and
*Core Type is Circ*.  

To view completed hold-related events, such as hold capture or hold notice
completion, choose *Event State is Complete* and *Core Type is Hold* from the
drop down menu.

You can also use the *Event State* filter to view circs and holds that are
*pending* or have an *error*.

Add and delete filters to customize the list of triggered events that displays.
To add another filter, click *Add Row*.  To delete a filter, click the red _X_
adjacent to a row.

image::media/Triggered_Events_and_Notices2.jpg[Triggered_Events_and_Notices2]

Sort
~~~~

You can sort your results by clicking the column name.

image::media/Triggered_Events_and_Notices3.jpg[Triggered_Events_and_Notices3]


Print
~~~~~

You can select the events that you want to print, or you can print all events.
To print selected events, check the boxes adjacent to the events that you want
to print, and click *Print Selected Events*.  To print all events, simply click
*Print All Events*.

Reset
~~~~~

If the triggered event does not complete or the notice is not sent and the
trigger needs to be run again, then select the event, and click *Reset Selected
Events*.

